[WIP] Document new `ExceptionHandlerOptions.SuppressDiagnosticsCallback` setting -- part 2 code and text for the new feature (#36157)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/error-handling.md

## IExceptionHandler

[IExceptionHandler](/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.diagnostics.iexceptionhandler) is an interface that gives the developer a callback for handling known exceptions in a central location. The interface contains a single method, [`TryHandleAsync`](/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.diagnostics.iexceptionhandler.tryhandleasync), which receives an `HttpContext` and an `Exception` parameter.

`IExceptionHandler` implementations are registered by calling [`IServiceCollection.AddExceptionHandler<T>`](/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.dependencyinjection.exceptionhandlerservicecollectionextensions.addexceptionhandler). The lifetime of an `IExceptionHandler` instance is singleton. Multiple implementations can be added, and they're called in the order registered.

> The built-in implementation works by iterating through the registered exception handlers in order until one returns `true` from `TryHandleAsync`, indicating that the exception has been handled. If an exception handler handles an exception, it can return `true` to stop processing. If an exception isn't handled by any exception handler, then control falls back to the default behavior and options from the middleware.

Reviewer: @copilot

> The built-in implementation works by iterating through the registered exception handlers

The built-in implementation of what? I don't think this is clear.

I think it should be rephrased to something like:

> Exception handling middleware interates through registered exception handlers...

* The `CustomExceptionHandler` is called first to handle an exception.
* After logging the exception, the `TryHandleAsync` method returns `false`, so the [`/Error` page](#exception-handler-page) is shown.

### SuppressDiagnosticsCallback

> Starting in .NET 10, you can control whether the exception handling middleware writes diagnostics (logs and metrics) for handled exceptions using the `SuppressDiagnosticsCallback` property on `ExceptionHandlerOptions`. This callback receives the exception context and allows you to determine whether diagnostics should be suppressed based on the specific exception or request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting in .NET 10, you can control whether the exception handling middleware writes diagnostics for handled exceptions by configuring the `SuppressDiagnosticsCallback` property on `ExceptionHandlerOptions`. This callback receives the exception context and allows you to determine whether diagnostics should be suppressed based on the specific exception or request.
```

* <xref:test/troubleshoot-azure-iis>
* <xref:host-and-deploy/azure-iis-errors-reference>
* <xref:fundamentals/error-handling-api>

> * [SuppressDiagnosticsCallback](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.builder.exceptionhandleroptions.suppressdiagnosticscallback?view=aspnetcore-10.0#microsoft-aspnetcore-builder-exceptionhandleroptions-suppressdiagnosticscallback)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.ExceptionHandlerOptions.SuppressDiagnosticsCallback?displayProperty=nameWithType>
```
